.\"
.\" Author: Joao Marcelo Martins <marcelo.martins@rackspace.com> or <btorch@gmail.com>
.\" Copyright (c) 2010-2011 X7, LLC.
.\"
.\" Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
.\" you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
.\" You may obtain a copy of the License at
.\"
.\"    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
.\"
.\" Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
.\" distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.\" WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
.\" implied.
.\" See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.\" limitations under the License.
.\"  
.TH chase-container-server 1 "8/26/2011" "Linux" "X7 Chase"

.SH NAME 
.LP
.B chase-container-server
\- X7-chase container server

.SH SYNOPSIS
.LP
.B chase-container-server
[CONFIG] [-h|--help] [-v|--verbose]

.SH DESCRIPTION 
.PP
The Container Server's primary job is to handle listings of objects. It doesn't know 
where those objects are, just what objects are in a specific container. The listings 
are stored as sqlite database files, and replicated across the cluster similar to how 
objects are. Statistics are also tracked that include the total number of objects, and 
total storage usage for that container.

.SH DOCUMENTATION
.LP
More in depth documentation in regards to 
.BI chase-container-server
and also about X7-Chase as a whole can be found at 
.BI http://chase.x7.org/index.html
and 
.BI http://docs.x7.org

.SH FILES
.IP "\fI/usr/share/doc/chase-container/container-server.conf-sample\fR" 0
Sample configuration file for chase-container server
.IP "\fI/etc/init.d/chase-container\fR" 0
Container server init.d script	 


.LP 

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR container-server.conf(5)
