.\"
.\" Author: Joao Marcelo Martins <marcelo.martins@rackspace.com> or <btorch@gmail.com>
.\" Copyright (c) 2010-2011 X7, LLC.
.\"
.\" Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
.\" you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
.\" You may obtain a copy of the License at
.\"
.\"    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
.\"
.\" Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
.\" distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.\" WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
.\" implied.
.\" See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.\" limitations under the License.
.\"  
.TH chase-proxy-server 1 "8/26/2011" "Linux" "X7 Chase"

.SH NAME 
.LP
.B chase-proxy-server 
\- X7-chase proxy server.

.SH SYNOPSIS
.LP
.B chase-proxy-server
[CONFIG] [-h|--help] [-v|--verbose]

.SH DESCRIPTION 
.PP
The Chase Proxy Server is responsible for tying together the rest of the Chase architecture. 
For each request, it will look up the location of the account, container, or object in the 
ring and route the request accordingly. The public API is also exposed through the Proxy 
Server. A large number of failures are also handled in the Proxy Server. For example, 
if a server is unavailable for an object PUT, it will ask the ring for a handoff server
and route there instead. When objects are streamed to or from an object server, they are
streamed directly through the proxy server to or from the user the proxy server does 
not spool them.

.SH DOCUMENTATION
.LP
More in depth documentation in regards to 
.BI chase-proxy-server
and also about X7-Chase as a whole can be found at 
.BI http://chase.x7.org/index.html

.\" One may need to change the path below if  
.SH FILES
.IP "\fI/usr/share/doc/chase-proxy/proxy-server.conf-sample\fR" 0
Sample configuration file for chase-proxy services
.IP "\fI/etc/init.d/chase-proxy\fR" 0
Proxy server init.d script	



.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR proxy-server.conf(5)
