.\"
.\" Author: Joao Marcelo Martins <marcelo.martins@rackspace.com> or <btorch@gmail.com>
.\" Copyright (c) 2010-2011 X7, LLC.
.\"
.\" Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
.\" you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
.\" You may obtain a copy of the License at
.\"
.\"    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
.\"
.\" Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
.\" distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.\" WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
.\" implied.
.\" See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.\" limitations under the License.
.\"  
.TH chase-recon 1 "8/26/2011" "Linux" "X7 Chase"

.SH NAME 
.LP
.B chase-recon
\- X7-chase recon middleware cli tool

.SH SYNOPSIS
.LP
.B chase-recon 
\ [-v] [--suppress] [-a] [-r] [-u] [-d] [-l] [--objmd5]
 
.SH DESCRIPTION 
.PP
The chase-recon cli tool can be used to retrieve various metrics and telemetry information about
a cluster that has been collected by the chase-recon middleware. 

In order to make use of the chase-recon middleware, update the object-server.conf file and 
enable the recon middleware by adding a pipeline entry and setting its option(s). You can view 
more information in the example section below.


.SH OPTIONS
.RS 0
.PD 1
.IP "\fB-h, --help\fR"
show this help message and exit
.IP "\fB-v, --verbose\fR"
Print verbose information
.IP "\fB--suppress\fR"
Suppress most connection related errors
.IP "\fB-a, --async\fR"
Get async stats
.IP "\fB-r, --replication\fR"
Get replication stats
.IP "\fB-u, --unmounted\fR"
Check cluster for unmounted devices
.IP "\fB-d, --diskusage\fR"
Get disk usage stats
.IP "\fB-l, --loadstats\fR"
Get cluster load average stats
.IP "\fB-q, --quarantined\fR"
Get cluster quarantine stats
.IP "\fB--objmd5\fR"
Get md5sums of object.ring.gz and compare to local copy
.IP "\fB--all\fR"
Perform all checks. Equivalent to -arudlq --objmd5
.IP "\fB-z ZONE, --zone=ZONE\fR"
Only query servers in specified zone
.IP "\fB--chasedir=PATH\fR"
Default = /etc/chase
.PD
.RE  



.SH EXAMPLE
.LP
.PD 0
.RS 0
.IP "ubuntu:~$ chase-recon -q --zone 3"
.IP "==============================================================================="
.IP "[2011-10-18 19:36:00] Checking quarantine dirs on 1 hosts... "
.IP "[Quarantined objects] low: 4, high: 4, avg: 4, total: 4 "
.IP "[Quarantined accounts] low: 0, high: 0, avg: 0, total: 0 "
.IP "[Quarantined containers] low: 0, high: 0, avg: 0, total: 0 "
.IP "==============================================================================="
.RE

.RS 0
Finally if you also wish to track asynchronous pending’s you will need to setup a 
cronjob to run the chase-recon-cron script periodically:

.IP "*/5 * * * * chase /usr/bin/chase-recon-cron /etc/chase/object-server.conf"
.RE




.SH DOCUMENTATION
.LP
More documentation about X7-Chase can be found at 
.BI http://chase.x7.org/index.html 
Also more specific documentation about chase-recon can be found at 
.BI http://chase.x7.org/admin_guide.html#cluster-telemetry-and-monitoring



.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR object-server.conf(5),


