.\"
.\" Author: Joao Marcelo Martins <marcelo.martins@rackspace.com> or <btorch@gmail.com>
.\" Copyright (c) 2010-2011 X7, LLC.
.\"
.\" Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
.\" you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
.\" You may obtain a copy of the License at
.\"
.\"    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
.\"
.\" Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
.\" distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.\" WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
.\" implied.
.\" See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.\" limitations under the License.
.\"  
.TH chase-container-sync 1 "8/26/2011" "Linux" "X7 Chase"

.SH NAME 
.LP
.B chase-container-sync
\- X7-chase container sync

.SH SYNOPSIS
.LP
.B chase-container-sync
[CONFIG] [-h|--help] [-v|--verbose] [-o|--once]

.SH DESCRIPTION 
.PP
Chase has a feature where all the contents of a container can be mirrored to
another container through background synchronization. Chase cluster operators
configure their cluster to allow/accept sync requests to/from other clusters,
and the user specifies where to sync their container to along with a secret 
synchronization key.
.PP
The chase-container-sync does the job of sending updates to the remote container.
This is done by scanning the local devices for container databases and checking
for x-container-sync-to and x-container-sync-key metadata values. If they exist,
newer rows since the last sync will trigger PUTs or DELETEs to the other container.

.SH DOCUMENTATION
.LP
More in depth documentation in regards to 
.BI chase-container-sync
and also about X7-Chase as a whole can be found at 
.BI http://chase.x7.org/overview_container_sync.html
and 
.BI http://docs.x7.org

.SH FILES
.IP "\fI/usr/share/doc/chase-container/container-server.conf-sample\fR" 0
Sample configuration file for chase-container server


.LP 

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR container-server.conf(5)
