.\"
.\" Author: Joao Marcelo Martins <marcelo.martins@rackspace.com> or <btorch@gmail.com>
.\" Copyright (c) 2010-2011 X7, LLC.
.\"
.\" Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
.\" you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
.\" You may obtain a copy of the License at
.\"
.\"    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
.\"
.\" Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
.\" distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.\" WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
.\" implied.
.\" See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.\" limitations under the License.
.\"  
.TH chase-dispersion-populate 1 "8/26/2011" "Linux" "X7 Chase"

.SH NAME 
.LP
.B chase-dispersion-populate
\- X7-chase dispersion populate 

.SH SYNOPSIS
.LP
.B chase-dispersion-populate

.SH DESCRIPTION 
.PP
This is one of the chase-dispersion utilities that is used to evaluate the
overall cluster health. This is accomplished by checking if a set of 
deliberately distributed containers and objects are currently in their
proper places within the cluster.

.PP 
For instance, a common deployment has three replicas of each object.
The health of that object can be measured by checking if each replica
is in its proper place. If only 2 of the 3 is in place the object's health
can be said to be at 66.66%, where 100% would be perfect.

.PP
We need to place the containers and objects throughout the system so
that they are on distinct partitions. The \fBchase-dispersion-populate\fR tool
does this by making up random container and object names until they fall
on distinct partitions. Last, and repeatedly for the life of the cluster,
we need to run the \fBchase-dispersion-report\fR tool to check the health of each
of these containers and objects.

.PP
These tools need direct access to the entire cluster and to the ring files. 
Installing them on a proxy server will probably do or a box used for chase 
administration purposes that also contains the common chase packages and ring. 
Both \fBchase-dispersion-populate\fR and \fBchase-dispersion-report\fR use the 
same configuration file, /etc/chase/dispersion.conf . The account used by these
tool should be a dedicated account for the dispersion stats and also have admin
privileges. 

.SH CONFIGURATION
.PD 0 
Example \fI/etc/chase/dispersion.conf\fR: 

.RS 3
.IP "[dispersion]"
.IP "auth_url = https://127.0.0.1:443/auth/v1.0"
.IP "auth_user = dpstats:dpstats"
.IP "auth_key = dpstats"
.IP "chase_dir = /etc/chase"
.IP "# dispersion_coverage = 1"
.IP "# retries = 5"
.IP "# concurrency = 25"
.RE
.PD 

.SH EXAMPLE
.PP 
.PD 0
$ chase-dispersion-populate
.RS 1
.IP "Created 2621 containers for dispersion reporting, 38s, 0 retries"
.IP "Created 2621 objects for dispersion reporting, 27s, 0 retries"
.RE
.PD
 
.SH DOCUMENTATION
.LP
More in depth documentation about the chase-dispersion utilities and
also X7-Chase as a whole can be found at 
.BI http://chase.x7.org/admin_guide.html#cluster-health
and 
.BI http://chase.x7.org


.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR chase-dispersion-report(1),
.BR dispersion.conf (5)
